An arm called the scum that turns out
What about William's position as CEO?
Grandpa, you are here.
Get him out of the house
I've had enough of him.
Don't worry.
I'm here today to be the family's purge of outliers
Before coming, I had been with the family's books
The elders have discussed
unanimous decision
For the position of president of Lin's Group handed over by Lin Bin
And kick him out of the house
Even if there is something wrong with this refrigerator
You can't be so heartless, can you?
Can you blame me?
Who let him be in trouble at Lin's Group?
stand by
Therefore, the position of president of Lin's Group
Wan'er is none other than
What has he done for his neighbor?
Do you want to know what he did for his neighbor?
Wan'er, come and tell him
I'll tell him.
Your Majesty, you are here
You must come when you are asleep.
Or is the emperor good to me
Wang Shao, you are the son of Governor Jinhai
Wang Shao is right
My father is the governor of Gimhae